literally as turan means not
quite clear but some argue
what tourists or tourist if
continue the logical chain
it means motorist for
big company in this regard
Volkswagen touran looks like
exactly the car that fits
these definitions so it should be
affordable and comfortable and
practical
but this is an illusion since accessibility is possible
immediately dispute the cost of marital
car we got
creeps up to a half million budget
money, respectively, who has such
money will still think what is best for the family and
Volkswagen turan or a good SUV
and rolling the rails in so I generally can keep quiet
someone bribing is appearance especially
she refreshed the lattice
chrome appeared and indeed
the car has become more visually
collected and youthful but neither luxurious and
modern
So let's continue practicality, but this is not
only comfortable own flesh but
and passengers and cargo compartment
brain head of the department full order she
big on until it comes out
third row of seats costing in
additional 33 thousand rubles
and then 2 each k remains beautician
but let's play virtual
cargo carrier from lodge at all
all it takes
so cargo compartment
spacious but second row of seats
it is necessary to select some solutions for centuries and
the honor of the bow fall
and this is forgiveness, but uncomfortable you eat
extra spaces in general, malfunction h
not too confident but
back to the cabin visually he is poor
as a church mouse is everything you need
and why if 3 thousand rubles you can
wrapped in brown leather
which is not similar to the skin but it
does not add joy yes sit comfortably yes
gaps mosquito nose is not undermined but tasco
German
for some reason it seems to me that movement is
miracle
townspeople
our cars are under the hood
gasoline engine volume by whole
four tenths of a liter and a power of 141
figure quite good but in practice according to
six-speed DJ machine
Works fun only obviously
there is a shortage of torque
this moment is a bit but still spoils
switching
she sure accelerates to bad
brake clearly enters the turns
following the commands of the easy helmsman
wheels a little money behind the suspension number
work hard and softens the bumps but that's all
not this and not poland 1 it's just 2 1
twofold feelings at me is overwhelmed
the form of this car but one thing is for sure
it seems exactly what a dream looks like
the number of old age pensioners
from east germany